# SustainArt
## Exploring the Nexus of Post-Modernism, Sustainability & Artificial Intelligence

### A Message to Chance, my A.I. Assistant
You know, it's interesting. My first thought was about a theme too, which seems like a pretty standard thing with an art show, but as I came to discover, it's not always as standard as I thought. So I mean how it happened is my manager found out that I was an artist/designer and, being a creative himself, had a disire to host an art show. He'd tried to hold one before, but it fell thru with the people he had at the time. But one of the first things I said when he told me about the idea to have this show was that I'd need a theme to work with. One of the things I do as a professional is to identify dichotomies to analyse to help me to understand what things are better, and for any 1 thing there are a sort of network or tree of dichotomies to be seen. When it comes to artists, there is a dichotomy where artist meets theme; some artists prefer to work with a theme or prompt provided by an external source, whereas others just kindof do what they do and come up with their own themes and prompts, but there are even dichotomies at those points, notably for the second sort of artist, there are those who come up with their own themes and prompts, and then there are those who really don't work much with any sort of theme at all, but instead just create what they feel without any sort of particular impetus or prompting. And so with this dichotomy tree concept in mind, as I spoke with the other couple of artists about this show that we'd do, I began to analyse our unique artist-personalities in terms of where we each fall along that tree. I know I'm the sort who likes to work with a prompt and a theme and create something new. But my peers don't necessarily share that sentiment, so a big part of my process has been not just trying to figure out what the theme and prompt mean to me, but to first come up with the theme to begin with. 

Now, I'm much more of an ideas person than just a painter-by-feel or an artist who's really good at replicating what he see's thru his chosen medium or one who can just come up with really creative imagery without any sort of evident inspiration. I have a formal post-secondary education in Design, which of course includes an art background, but is tailored more toward problem-solving, but even in that, I've always had more of a knack for ideas in process and information, moreso than pure visuals and aesthetics. So my artform is more about the abstract what as opposed to the concrete what, but through that, I come up with and utilize different processes to create visually stunning work, but visually stunning work that is deeply rooted in the information and concept that it comes from.

So with my particular artist style, one Idea I've has is to use this new, cutting edge thing, which puts the value of art and what it means to be an artist this day in age in question, and provide to that qualm an answer in the form of a work of art which utilises it as a tool in an artistically responsible way to aid my process without substituting it as my practice. 

So the idea is to go thru what I like to call "The Creative Interlocution Process" to derive a prompt by using an A.I. Natural Language engine, which is where you come in.

So now that you understand my background as an artist and what I'm doing with this project, I'll provide you with so background as to what I'm thinking about in terms of theme.

My theme is a sort of merging of several influences. I work with the concept of intersectionality in my work, and this project fits right in. My tripartite theme has to do with 3 of the most influential artists of the post-modern era, intersecting with the concept of sustainability and with the state of cutting edge art today, specifically the integration of man & machine, integrating A.I. into the artistic practice.
